(casual music)
>All right, in this video
we have a little assignment here
to Create Reactive Repositories.
So what we wanna do is Create Reactive Repository
implementations for the category
and recipe document objects,
I keep wanting to say entities but,
or domain objects.
And so we wanna do a reactive repository for each,
and then like I did in the last video,
go into the bootstrap class,
get a handle on the repositories
and go ahead and get an output of the count function.
Spit that out to the log
just like I did in the previous video.
What I wanna do here is just get you acclimated
to starting to work with these reactive types
and see how it works.
And then, let's also create integration tests
for these two repositories too.
So let's go in, create a new object,
save it, and then do a fetch all and get a count there.
So there's a couple of different ways we can test it.
So we just wanna make sure that these are
in fact persisting okay.
And in the next video,
I will go through this little assignment
step-by-step so you can see exactly what's going on.
Just as a head's up, I forgot to mention it,
we are in a new repository.
I will have a link to the repository,
a source code in the GitHub repository for you.
But this is a different repository,
so I started a brand new GitHub repository
for this segment of the course
as we get into the reactive stuff.